Prepare to release stable packages 9/16(1) (#31229)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/hdinsight/Azure.ResourceManager.HDInsight/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.0 (2022-09-19)

This is the first stable release of the HDInsight Management client library.

### Breaking Changes

- Fixed the format of `IPConfiguration.type` to `ResourceType`.
- Rename the `CreateDate` to `CreatedOn` and changed the format to `DateTimeOffset`.

> - Renamed the `LdapsUrls` tp `LdapsUris` and chagned the format to `Uri`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renamed the `LdapsUrls` to `LdapsUris` and changed the format to `Uri`.
```

Author: fixed
